equation 1 is not valid
equation 2 is valid
equation 3 is valid
equation 4 is not valid
equation 5 is valid
equation 6 is valid
equation 7 is not valid
equation 8 is valid
equation 9 is valid
equation 10 is valid
equation 11 is valid
equation 12 is valid
equation 13 is valid
equation 14 is valid
equation 15 is valid
equation 16 is not valid
equation 17 is not valid
equation 18 is valid
equation 19 is valid
equation 20 is valid
equation 21 is valid
equation 22 is valid
equation 23 is not valid
equation 24 is not valid
equation 25 is valid
equation 26 is not valid
equation 27 is valid
equation 28 is valid
equation 29 is valid
equation 30 is valid
equation 31 is valid
equation 32 is not valid
equation 33 is valid
equation 34 is not valid
equation 35 is valid
equation 36 is not valid
equation 37 is not valid
equation 38 is valid
equation 39 is not valid
equation 40 is not valid
equation 41 is valid
equation 42 is valid
equation 43 is not valid
equation 44 is valid
equation 45 is not valid
equation 46 is valid
equation 47 is valid
equation 48 is not valid
equation 49 is valid
equation 50 is not valid
equation 51 is valid
equation 52 is valid
equation 53 is not valid
equation 54 is valid
equation 55 is valid
equation 56 is valid
equation 57 is valid
equation 58 is not valid
equation 59 is valid
equation 60 is valid
equation 61 is valid
equation 62 is valid
equation 63 is valid
equation 64 is valid
equation 65 is valid
equation 66 is not valid
equation 67 is valid
equation 68 is valid
equation 69 is valid
equation 70 is not valid
equation 71 is not valid
equation 72 is valid
equation 73 is not valid
equation 74 is valid
equation 75 is valid
equation 76 is valid
equation 77 is not valid
equation 78 is valid
equation 79 is not valid
equation 80 is valid
equation 81 is valid
equation 82 is valid
equation 83 is valid
equation 84 is valid
equation 85 is valid
equation 86 is not valid
equation 87 is not valid
equation 88 is valid
equation 89 is valid
equation 90 is valid
equation 91 is valid
equation 92 is valid
equation 93 is valid
equation 94 is valid
equation 95 is not valid
equation 96 is valid
equation 97 is not valid
equation 98 is valid
equation 99 is not valid
equation 100 is valid
equation 101 is valid
equation 102 is valid
equation 103 is not valid
equation 104 is valid
equation 105 is valid
equation 106 is valid
equation 107 is not valid
equation 108 is not valid
equation 109 is valid
equation 110 is not valid
equation 111 is valid
equation 112 is not valid
equation 113 is valid
equation 114 is not valid
equation 115 is not valid
equation 116 is not valid
equation 117 is valid
equation 118 is not valid
equation 119 is not valid
equation 120 is not valid
equation 121 is not valid
equation 122 is valid
equation 123 is not valid
equation 124 is valid
equation 125 is valid
equation 126 is valid
equation 127 is not valid
equation 128 is valid
equation 129 is valid
equation 130 is valid
equation 131 is valid
equation 132 is not valid
equation 133 is valid
equation 134 is not valid
equation 135 is valid
equation 136 is valid
equation 137 is not valid
equation 138 is valid
equation 139 is not valid
equation 140 is not valid
equation 141 is valid
equation 142 is not valid
equation 143 is valid
equation 144 is valid
equation 145 is valid
equation 146 is valid
equation 147 is valid
equation 148 is valid
equation 149 is not valid
equation 150 is valid
equation 151 is valid
equation 152 is not valid
equation 153 is valid
equation 154 is not valid
equation 155 is valid
equation 156 is valid
equation 157 is not valid
equation 158 is valid
equation 159 is not valid
equation 160 is valid
equation 161 is valid
equation 162 is valid
equation 163 is not valid
equation 164 is not valid
equation 165 is not valid
equation 166 is valid
equation 167 is not valid
equation 168 is valid
equation 169 is not valid
equation 170 is valid
equation 171 is valid
equation 172 is valid
equation 173 is valid
equation 174 is valid
equation 175 is not valid
equation 176 is valid
equation 177 is valid
equation 178 is valid
equation 179 is valid
equation 180 is not valid
equation 181 is valid
equation 182 is not valid
equation 183 is valid
equation 184 is valid
equation 185 is valid
equation 186 is not valid
equation 187 is not valid
equation 188 is not valid
equation 189 is valid
equation 190 is not valid
equation 191 is valid
equation 192 is valid
equation 193 is not valid
equation 194 is not valid
equation 195 is valid
equation 196 is not valid
equation 197 is valid
equation 198 is valid
equation 199 is not valid
equation 200 is not valid
equation 201 is valid
equation 202 is valid
equation 203 is valid
equation 204 is valid
equation 205 is valid
equation 206 is valid
equation 207 is valid
equation 208 is not valid
equation 209 is valid
equation 210 is not valid
equation 211 is not valid
equation 212 is valid
equation 213 is not valid
equation 214 is valid
equation 215 is valid
equation 216 is valid
equation 217 is valid
equation 218 is not valid
equation 219 is not valid
equation 220 is valid
equation 221 is valid
equation 222 is valid
equation 223 is valid
equation 224 is valid
equation 225 is not valid
equation 226 is not valid
equation 227 is valid
equation 228 is valid
equation 229 is not valid
equation 230 is not valid
equation 231 is not valid
equation 232 is not valid
equation 233 is valid
equation 234 is valid
equation 235 is valid
equation 236 is valid
equation 237 is valid
equation 238 is valid
equation 239 is not valid
equation 240 is not valid
equation 241 is valid
equation 242 is not valid
equation 243 is valid
equation 244 is not valid
equation 245 is not valid
equation 246 is valid
equation 247 is valid
equation 248 is valid
equation 249 is valid
equation 250 is not valid
equation 251 is not valid
equation 252 is valid
equation 253 is valid
equation 254 is valid
equation 255 is valid
equation 256 is not valid
equation 257 is valid
equation 258 is valid
equation 259 is valid
equation 260 is valid
equation 261 is not valid
equation 262 is not valid
equation 263 is not valid
equation 264 is not valid
equation 265 is not valid
equation 266 is valid
equation 267 is valid
equation 268 is valid
equation 269 is valid
equation 270 is not valid
equation 271 is valid
equation 272 is not valid
equation 273 is valid
equation 274 is not valid
equation 275 is not valid
equation 276 is valid
equation 277 is not valid
equation 278 is valid
equation 279 is valid
equation 280 is valid
equation 281 is valid
equation 282 is valid
equation 283 is not valid
equation 284 is valid
equation 285 is not valid
equation 286 is not valid
equation 287 is not valid
equation 288 is not valid
equation 289 is valid
equation 290 is valid
equation 291 is valid
equation 292 is not valid
equation 293 is valid
equation 294 is not valid
equation 295 is not valid
equation 296 is valid
equation 297 is valid
equation 298 is not valid
equation 299 is valid
equation 300 is not valid
equation 301 is not valid
equation 302 is valid
equation 303 is valid
equation 304 is not valid
equation 305 is valid
equation 306 is valid
equation 307 is valid
equation 308 is valid
equation 309 is valid
equation 310 is valid
equation 311 is valid
equation 312 is valid
equation 313 is valid
equation 314 is not valid
equation 315 is valid
equation 316 is valid
equation 317 is valid
equation 318 is not valid
equation 319 is valid
equation 320 is not valid
equation 321 is valid
equation 322 is not valid
equation 323 is valid
equation 324 is not valid
equation 325 is valid
equation 326 is valid
equation 327 is not valid
equation 328 is valid
equation 329 is valid
equation 330 is not valid
equation 331 is valid
equation 332 is not valid
equation 333 is not valid
equation 334 is valid
equation 335 is not valid
equation 336 is valid
equation 337 is not valid
equation 338 is valid
equation 339 is not valid
equation 340 is valid
equation 341 is not valid
equation 342 is not valid
equation 343 is valid
equation 344 is valid
equation 345 is not valid
equation 346 is not valid
equation 347 is not valid
equation 348 is valid
equation 349 is not valid
equation 350 is valid
equation 351 is not valid
equation 352 is valid
equation 353 is valid
equation 354 is valid
equation 355 is not valid
equation 356 is not valid
equation 357 is valid
equation 358 is valid
equation 359 is valid
equation 360 is not valid
equation 361 is not valid
equation 362 is valid
equation 363 is valid
equation 364 is valid
equation 365 is not valid
equation 366 is not valid
equation 367 is valid
equation 368 is valid
equation 369 is not valid
equation 370 is valid
equation 371 is not valid
equation 372 is valid
equation 373 is not valid
equation 374 is not valid
equation 375 is valid
equation 376 is not valid
equation 377 is valid
equation 378 is valid
equation 379 is valid
equation 380 is not valid
equation 381 is valid
equation 382 is not valid
equation 383 is valid
equation 384 is not valid
equation 385 is valid
equation 386 is not valid
equation 387 is valid
equation 388 is not valid
equation 389 is valid
equation 390 is not valid
equation 391 is not valid
equation 392 is valid
equation 393 is valid
equation 394 is valid
equation 395 is valid
equation 396 is valid
equation 397 is not valid
equation 398 is valid
equation 399 is valid
equation 400 is valid
equation 401 is not valid
equation 402 is not valid
equation 403 is not valid
equation 404 is valid
equation 405 is valid
equation 406 is not valid
equation 407 is not valid
equation 408 is valid
equation 409 is not valid
equation 410 is valid
equation 411 is valid
equation 412 is not valid
equation 413 is valid
equation 414 is not valid
equation 415 is valid
equation 416 is not valid
equation 417 is valid
equation 418 is valid
equation 419 is not valid
equation 420 is valid
equation 421 is not valid
equation 422 is not valid
equation 423 is valid
equation 424 is not valid
equation 425 is valid
equation 426 is not valid
equation 427 is not valid
equation 428 is valid
equation 429 is valid
equation 430 is valid
equation 431 is valid
equation 432 is valid
equation 433 is valid
equation 434 is valid
equation 435 is valid
equation 436 is not valid
equation 437 is not valid
equation 438 is valid
equation 439 is valid
equation 440 is not valid
equation 441 is valid
equation 442 is valid
equation 443 is valid
equation 444 is not valid
equation 445 is valid
equation 446 is valid
equation 447 is valid
equation 448 is not valid
equation 449 is valid
equation 450 is valid
equation 451 is valid
equation 452 is valid
equation 453 is valid
equation 454 is valid
equation 455 is not valid
equation 456 is valid
equation 457 is valid
equation 458 is valid
equation 459 is not valid
equation 460 is not valid
equation 461 is not valid
equation 462 is not valid
equation 463 is not valid
equation 464 is valid
equation 465 is valid
equation 466 is valid
equation 467 is valid
equation 468 is valid
equation 469 is valid
equation 470 is valid
equation 471 is valid
equation 472 is not valid
equation 473 is not valid
equation 474 is not valid
equation 475 is valid
equation 476 is valid
equation 477 is valid
equation 478 is valid
equation 479 is valid
equation 480 is valid
equation 481 is valid
equation 482 is not valid
equation 483 is valid
equation 484 is valid
equation 485 is not valid
equation 486 is valid
equation 487 is not valid
equation 488 is not valid
equation 489 is not valid
equation 490 is valid
equation 491 is not valid
equation 492 is valid
equation 493 is valid
equation 494 is valid
equation 495 is not valid
equation 496 is not valid
equation 497 is not valid
equation 498 is not valid
equation 499 is valid
equation 500 is not valid
equation 501 is valid
equation 502 is valid
equation 503 is valid
equation 504 is valid
equation 505 is valid
equation 506 is valid
equation 507 is valid
equation 508 is valid
equation 509 is valid
equation 510 is valid
equation 511 is valid
equation 512 is not valid
equation 513 is valid
equation 514 is not valid
equation 515 is not valid
equation 516 is valid
equation 517 is valid
equation 518 is valid
equation 519 is valid
equation 520 is not valid
equation 521 is valid
equation 522 is not valid
equation 523 is valid
equation 524 is not valid
equation 525 is not valid
equation 526 is valid
equation 527 is valid
equation 528 is valid
equation 529 is valid
equation 530 is not valid
equation 531 is valid
equation 532 is not valid
equation 533 is not valid
equation 534 is not valid
equation 535 is valid
equation 536 is valid
equation 537 is valid
equation 538 is valid
equation 539 is valid
equation 540 is not valid
equation 541 is not valid
equation 542 is valid
equation 543 is not valid
equation 544 is not valid
equation 545 is valid
equation 546 is valid
equation 547 is valid
equation 548 is valid
equation 549 is not valid
equation 550 is valid
equation 551 is not valid
equation 552 is not valid
equation 553 is valid
equation 554 is not valid
equation 555 is valid
equation 556 is valid
equation 557 is not valid
equation 558 is valid
equation 559 is valid
equation 560 is not valid
equation 561 is not valid
equation 562 is not valid
equation 563 is not valid
equation 564 is valid
equation 565 is valid
equation 566 is valid
equation 567 is valid
equation 568 is not valid
equation 569 is not valid
equation 570 is valid
equation 571 is valid
equation 572 is valid
equation 573 is valid
equation 574 is not valid
equation 575 is valid
equation 576 is valid
equation 577 is valid
equation 578 is not valid
equation 579 is valid
equation 580 is valid
equation 581 is valid
equation 582 is not valid
equation 583 is valid
equation 584 is valid
equation 585 is valid
equation 586 is not valid
equation 587 is not valid
equation 588 is not valid
equation 589 is not valid
equation 590 is valid
equation 591 is not valid
equation 592 is valid
equation 593 is valid
equation 594 is not valid
equation 595 is valid
equation 596 is valid
equation 597 is valid
equation 598 is valid
equation 599 is valid
equation 600 is not valid
equation 601 is valid
equation 602 is valid
equation 603 is valid
equation 604 is not valid
equation 605 is valid
equation 606 is not valid
equation 607 is not valid
equation 608 is valid
equation 609 is valid
equation 610 is valid
equation 611 is not valid
equation 612 is not valid
equation 613 is valid
equation 614 is not valid
equation 615 is not valid
equation 616 is not valid
equation 617 is valid
equation 618 is valid
equation 619 is not valid
equation 620 is not valid
equation 621 is valid
equation 622 is valid
equation 623 is valid
equation 624 is not valid
equation 625 is valid
equation 626 is valid
equation 627 is valid
equation 628 is valid
equation 629 is not valid
equation 630 is valid
equation 631 is valid
equation 632 is valid
equation 633 is valid
equation 634 is not valid
equation 635 is valid
equation 636 is valid
equation 637 is not valid
equation 638 is not valid
equation 639 is valid
equation 640 is valid
equation 641 is valid
equation 642 is not valid
equation 643 is not valid
equation 644 is valid
equation 645 is valid
equation 646 is valid
equation 647 is not valid
equation 648 is not valid
equation 649 is valid
equation 650 is not valid
equation 651 is not valid
equation 652 is valid
equation 653 is valid
equation 654 is valid
equation 655 is not valid
equation 656 is valid
equation 657 is valid
equation 658 is valid
equation 659 is not valid
equation 660 is not valid
equation 661 is not valid
equation 662 is valid
equation 663 is not valid
equation 664 is valid
equation 665 is valid
equation 666 is valid
equation 667 is not valid
equation 668 is valid
equation 669 is not valid
equation 670 is not valid
equation 671 is valid
equation 672 is valid
equation 673 is valid
equation 674 is not valid
equation 675 is valid
equation 676 is valid
equation 677 is not valid
equation 678 is valid
equation 679 is not valid
equation 680 is not valid
equation 681 is not valid
equation 682 is not valid
equation 683 is not valid
equation 684 is not valid
equation 685 is valid
equation 686 is valid
equation 687 is valid
equation 688 is valid
equation 689 is valid
equation 690 is valid
equation 691 is valid
equation 692 is not valid
equation 693 is valid
equation 694 is valid
equation 695 is not valid
equation 696 is valid
equation 697 is valid
equation 698 is valid
equation 699 is valid
equation 700 is valid
equation 701 is not valid
equation 702 is valid
equation 703 is valid
equation 704 is not valid
equation 705 is not valid
equation 706 is valid
equation 707 is valid
equation 708 is valid
equation 709 is not valid
equation 710 is not valid
equation 711 is valid
equation 712 is not valid
equation 713 is valid
equation 714 is valid
equation 715 is not valid
equation 716 is not valid
equation 717 is not valid
equation 718 is not valid
equation 719 is valid
equation 720 is not valid
equation 721 is valid
equation 722 is not valid
equation 723 is valid
equation 724 is not valid
equation 725 is not valid
equation 726 is valid
equation 727 is valid
equation 728 is not valid
equation 729 is valid
equation 730 is valid
equation 731 is not valid
equation 732 is not valid
equation 733 is not valid
equation 734 is valid
equation 735 is not valid
equation 736 is not valid
equation 737 is valid
equation 738 is valid
equation 739 is valid
equation 740 is not valid
equation 741 is valid
equation 742 is not valid
equation 743 is not valid
equation 744 is not valid
equation 745 is not valid
equation 746 is not valid
equation 747 is not valid
equation 748 is valid
equation 749 is not valid
equation 750 is valid
equation 751 is not valid
equation 752 is not valid
equation 753 is valid
equation 754 is not valid
equation 755 is valid
equation 756 is not valid
equation 757 is valid
equation 758 is valid
equation 759 is not valid
equation 760 is not valid
equation 761 is valid
equation 762 is valid
equation 763 is not valid
equation 764 is not valid
equation 765 is not valid
equation 766 is valid
equation 767 is valid
equation 768 is not valid
equation 769 is not valid
equation 770 is not valid
equation 771 is valid
equation 772 is not valid
equation 773 is valid
equation 774 is not valid
equation 775 is valid
equation 776 is not valid
equation 777 is valid
equation 778 is valid
equation 779 is not valid
equation 780 is valid
equation 781 is not valid
equation 782 is valid
equation 783 is valid
equation 784 is valid
equation 785 is not valid
equation 786 is valid
equation 787 is valid
equation 788 is valid
equation 789 is valid
equation 790 is valid
equation 791 is not valid
equation 792 is valid
equation 793 is valid
equation 794 is valid
equation 795 is not valid
equation 796 is valid
equation 797 is valid
equation 798 is not valid
equation 799 is valid
equation 800 is valid
equation 801 is not valid
equation 802 is valid
equation 803 is valid
equation 804 is valid
equation 805 is not valid
equation 806 is not valid
equation 807 is not valid
equation 808 is valid
equation 809 is valid
equation 810 is not valid
equation 811 is not valid
equation 812 is not valid
equation 813 is valid
equation 814 is valid
equation 815 is valid
equation 816 is valid
equation 817 is not valid
equation 818 is not valid
equation 819 is valid
equation 820 is valid
equation 821 is valid
equation 822 is not valid
equation 823 is valid
equation 824 is valid
equation 825 is not valid
equation 826 is not valid
equation 827 is valid
equation 828 is not valid
equation 829 is valid
equation 830 is valid
equation 831 is valid
equation 832 is valid
equation 833 is valid
equation 834 is valid
equation 835 is not valid
equation 836 is valid
equation 837 is not valid
equation 838 is valid
equation 839 is valid
equation 840 is valid
equation 841 is not valid
equation 842 is valid
equation 843 is not valid
equation 844 is not valid
equation 845 is valid
equation 846 is valid
equation 847 is not valid
equation 848 is valid
equation 849 is not valid
equation 850 is valid
513 valid equations totaling 482739998262825
